h1. Introduction

This is the Emacs configuration that "Alex Payne":http://al3x.net/ uses. It's not designed to be a "starter kit":http://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit/tree/master. It's just some dude's preferred way to edit stuff, when using Emacs.

h2. Notes

* Only tested under Emacs.app (--with-ns) on OS X; may not work with Aquamacs.
* Not uncomfortable to use on a Mac, but also not explictly Mac-like.
* Has some strange accomodations for Dvorak typists, such as C-t being mapped to C-x, and being able to C-x c (actually C-t c) to do a M-x.
* Assumes option/alt is Meta, command/Apple is Super.
* Probably more comfortable if you set caps lock to ctrl.
* Assumes that you want to use Emacs for editing and maybe very occassionally as your shell, but probably not for email, news, or web browsing.

h2. Supported Languages

Beyond what Emacs supports out of the box:

* Scala
* Ruby
* JavaScript
* Textile
* YAML
* Clojure
* Thrift
* XML/HTML

h2. Additional Modes

* org - outlining and personal organization
* centered-cursor - keeps the current buffer centered based on your cusor location
* nav - simple and fast project navigation (think TextMate's project drawer)
* magit - beautiful integration with the Git VCS
* textmate - some helpful features and familiar keymappings from the TextMate editor
* full-ack - a nice interface to the Ack grep replacement utility

h2. Colors

* themes: everything in color-theme plus "twilight" and "almost monokai"
* nice colors for diff-mode (assumes a dark theme)
* nice colors for errors in flymake-mode
